docs: add bindings documentation and update unbind reason (#3812)
tldraw/tldraw: apps/docs/content/docs/editor.mdx

You can get the current camera state with [Editor#getCameraState](?).

> # Bindings

Reviewer: Would this section be better positioned in the Shapes article?

Author: I think it could even stand as an article of its own, but instructions from @steveruizok were to just put everything in the editor article

for each end of the arrow.

You can create different types of binding that do all sorts of different things with relationships
between shapes. For example, you could create a [sticker
shape](/examples/shapes/tools/sticker-bindings) that sticks to any other shape it's dropped onto.

## The binding object

Bindings are records (JSON objects) that live in the [store](/docs/editor#store). For example,
here's a binding record for one end of an arrow shape:

```json
{
    "id": "binding:someId",
    "typeName": "binding"
    "type": "arrow",
    "fromId": "shape:arrowId",
    "toId": "shape:someOtherShapeId",
    "props": {
        "terminal": "end"
        "isPrecise": true,
        "isExact": false,
        "normalizedAnchor": {
            "x": 0.5,
            "y": 0.5
        },
    },
    "meta": {},
}
```

Every binding contains some base information - its ID & the type of binding, as well as the ID of
the shape that a binding comes _from_ and the ID of the shape that the binding goes _to_. These two
properties work the same way, but it's often useful to have an explicit direction in a binding

> relationship. For example, an arrow binding always goes _from_ an arrow _to_ the shape it's bound
> to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relationship. For example, an arrow binding always goes _from_ an arrow _to_ another shape.
```
